so King Solomon was king over all Israel
and these were his officials Azariah the
son of Zadok the priest allaha ref and a
Hydra the sons of Shia scribes
Jehoshaphat the son of a highlight the
recorder benaiah the son of jehoiada
over the army zadok and abiathar the
priests Azariah the son of nathan over
the offices sabered the son of nathan a
priest and the king's friend a high shot
over the household and a Dan Iram the
son of AB de over the labor force and
Solomon at 12 governor's over all Israel
who provided food for the king and his
household each one made provision for
one month of the year these are their
names Ben Hur in the mountains of
Ephraim Ben dica in makers che album
Beth Shemesh and Ilan Beth Hamer
when he said in aruba 'the to him the
long SoCo and all the land of Haifa been
a dad in all the regions of door
he had typhus the daughter of Solomon
his wife bana the son of a eyelid in
Teaneck Megiddo and all Beth Sheehan
which is beside ceratin below Jezreel
from Beth Sheehan to Abel Mahalo as far
as the other side of Jack Nia
been gibbehhh in ramoth-gilead to him
belong the towns of Jaya the son of
Manasa in Gilead to him also belong the
region of our God in bation 60 large
cities with walls and bronze gate bars a
henna dad the son of Edo in mayonnaise a
him ia's in NAFTA lie he also took
bassinet the daughter of Solomon his
wife Diana the son of huge I in Asha and
Alif Jehoshaphat the son of Peru in
Osaka shimmy I the son of Allah in
Benjamin Kiba
the son of Yura in the land of Gilead in
the country of sion king of the Amer
rights and of Arc King of Dacian he was
the only governor who was in the land
Judah and Israel were as numerous as the
sand by the sea in multitude eating and
drinking and rejoicing so Solomon
reigned over all kingdoms from the river
to the land of the Philistines as far as
the border of Egypt they brought tribute
and served Solomon all the days of his
life
now solomon's provision for one day was
thirty cause of fine flour 60 cause of
meal ten fatted oxen 20 oxen from the
pastures and 100 sheep besides deer
gazelles roebucks and fatted foul for he
had dominion over all the region on this
side of the river from tip sir even to
Gaza named over all the kings on this
side of the river and he had pieced on
every side all around him
and Judah and Israel dwelt safely each
man under his vine and his fig tree from
Dan as far as Beersheba all the days of
Solomon Solomon had forty thousand
stalls of horses for his chariots and
twelve thousand horsemen and these
governors each man in his month provided
food for King Solomon and for all who
came to King Solomon's table there was
no lack in their supply they also
brought barley and straw to the proper
place for the horses and steeds each man
according to his charge and God gave
Solomon wisdom and exceedingly great
understanding and largeness of heart
like the sand on the seashore
thus Solomon's wisdom excelled the
wisdom of all the men of the east and
all the wisdom of Egypt for he was wiser
than all man than Ethan the Ezra height
and Heymann calcio and Dada the sons of
male and his fate was in all the
surrounding nations
he spoke three thousand proverbs and his
songs were one thousand and five also he
spoke of trees from the cedar tree of
Lebanon even to the hyssop that Springs
out of the wall
he spoke also of animals of birds of
creeping things and of fish and man of
all nations from all the kings of the
earth who had heard of his wisdom came
to hear the wisdom of Solomon
[Music]